Added region and zone information on nodes' details and list (#1845)
kyma-project/busola: docs/features.md

  }
  ```

> * **GZIP** – is used to indicate whether the response from the backend server should be compressed or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **GZIP** – is used to indicate whether a response from the backend server should be compressed or not.
```

> Backend feature. Cannot be modified at the cluster's ConfigMap level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** It's a backend feature, so it cannot be modified at the cluster's ConfigMap level.
```

  },
  ```

> - **SHOW_GARDENER_METADATA** - determines if the metadata given from the Gardener should be displayed. The displayed information is the value from the `shoot-info` ConfigMap based in the `kube-system` namespace. If the ConfigMap doesn't exist, the information won't be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SHOW_GARDENER_METADATA** - determines if the metadata taken from Gardener should be displayed. The displayed information is the value from the `shoot-info` ConfigMap based on the `kube-system` Namespace. If the ConfigMap doesn't exist, the information is not displayed.
```

  ```json
  "SHOW_GARDENER_METADATA": {
    "isEnabled": true
  },
  ```

> - **SHOW_KYMA_VERSION** – determines if the Kyma version should be visible on the Cluster Details page. The displayed version is the value of the `reconciler.kyma-project.io/origin-version` label in the `kyma-system` Namespace. If the value of the label is missing or there is no `kyma-system` Namespace, the information won't be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SHOW_KYMA_VERSION** – determines if the Kyma version should be visible on the **Cluster Details** page. The displayed version is the value of the `reconciler.kyma-project.io/origin-version` label in the `kyma-system` Namespace. If the value of the label is missing or there is no `kyma-system` Namespace, the information is not displayed.
```
